Mary "Aderyn" Beth Wilkinson

11 October 2017

In addition to all her work with the Greeters, Aderyn was a pillar of the GameTap-era Amber Horizons neighborhood; she co-hosted, built for and otherwise helped sponsor many of our events, both in the Cavern, and later in Second Life, and was generally available to contribute whatever assistance or advice her friends might require.

Memberships: Amber Horizons Hood, Second Life, MOUL forums (February 2007).

Remembrances: MOUL forum thread by Ace: the loss of Aderyn.<pb>James "Aquila" Carpenter

24 November 1961 - 24 January 2006

Modesto, California, USA

Aquila was a member of the MYST community from the time of Riven's release, creating Aquila's Riven Pages, participating in CyanChat, The Riven Lyst and Rivenguild. When the latter two ended, long time Lyster Lehsa started "The Lyst" and Aquila created and administered the website for it. A question asked by Aquila on the Riven Lyst, "What is Rubber Gut?" is on a RAWA page of Cyan's website. Aquila also participated in the Uru Live Beta (Choru) & Prologue. In October, 2005, he was interviewed by Inside Mac Games for the article,"Myst Uber Fan Interviewed", Aquila was active in the Myst/Uru community right up until his unexpected death.

Memberships: Rivenguild, The Lyst, MYSTcommunity Forums (Jun 2001), Ubisoft Myst Forums (Nov 2003), DRC Forums (Dec 2005).

Remembrances: MYSTcommunity forum thread by Tweek: Rest in peace Aquila; Ubisoft forum thread by DebbieDec2003: The Lyst Administrator has passed away; DRC forum thread by jetuser: Sad News; DRC forum thread by Aeronie: UU Vigil for Aquila; The Lystcom front page 2006; James "Aquila" Carpenter Memorial Auction; Acacia Memorial Park - James Lynn Carpenter; The Lyst - Yahoo Groups.<pb>David "CAGrayWolf" R Sweeney

3 February 1964 - 21 June 2008

Riverside, California, USA

Known as Wolfie to his friends, CAGrayWolf was active in the Myst/Uru community right up until his death in 2008. He participated in the Uru Live Beta (Choru), Prologue, Until Uru and Myst Online: Uru Live (GameTap era). (He tells his own history with Uru on the MMORPG thread, Where did you first hear about URU Live?). He joined the Guild of Greeters in November 2003 and served as a Guild Master, worked on the Mysterium Planning Committee and served as a DRC Liaison. CAGrayWolf had an extensive collection of Myst and Uru memorabilia as seen on his Photobucket page: Myst Collection Album.

Memberships: MYSTcommunity (Jan 2003), Guild of Greeters (Nov 2003), DRC Forum (Dec 2005), Myst Online: Uru Live Forum (May 8 2006), Mysterium Planning Committee (? to 2008).

Remembrances: Guild of Greeters website: In Memorium; elledeegee's In Memorium of Wolfie; Mysterium 2008: CAGrayWolf Memorial; Guild of Messengers article by Crisger: A tribute to CAGreyWolf; Aug 2014 MOUL forum post by Marten: A story about Uru.<pb>Cindy Farrar

1998

Cindy was a big fan of Myst and Riven.<pb>Stuart "Dichromus" Allen

23 March 2019

He was instrumental in preserving karaoke songs by founder Sil-Oh-Wet and regularly played some of her songs at his karaoke shows after she passed away. He was also a musician and singer.

Memberships: MOUL forums (September 2006).

Remembrances: MOUL forum thread by janeerah: Another loss.<pb>Jim "Dust'ei" Rhodes

7 May 2000

Dust'ei was a regular in CyanChat during the Riven era.

Memberships: Rivenguild.

Remembrances: MOUL forum post by Alahmnat.<pb>David Ogden Stiers

31 October 1942 - 3 March 2018

Newport, Oregon

An American film, stage, television and voice actor, David Ogden Stiers was probably best known for his role as Major Charles Emerson Winchester III on the television show, M*A*S*H. But to Uru fans, he was the voice of Jeff Zandi, our desert guide sitting beside his Airstream who assisted us in finding our way into the cavern. He also lent his voice & likeness to Esher in Myst V: End of Ages (2005) where his pronunciation of "D'ni" led fans to say it sounded like he was saying "duck knee." Stiers also provided the voice of Dr. Richard Watson in a recording found in the Kirel community room in the offline versions of Uru. Fondly remembered by Cyan employees who met him, his name was added to the memorial on 06 March 2018.

Memberships: Online articles about David Ogden Stiers include Wikipedia; IMDb; CNN; New York Times.

Remembrances: 04 Mar 2018 MOUL forum thread by poutrew: RIP David Ogden Stires (Esher); Amber Horizons forum thread by Juli: good night Zandi.<pb>